[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Our
fascination with horror
never ends.
And one of the most
terrifying stories
humans have been
confronted with is
the presence of reptilian
humanoids on Earth.
There are a myriad
of books speaking
of their influence
over earthlings,
and today we'll be
looking at the history
of these beings with Len Kasten,
author of "Alien World Order"
and welcome, Len.
We saw each other last time
over project Serpo, right?
>>LEN KASTEN: Yes.
>>REGINA: And this one is, wow,
it's intensely well researched.
But we also have
testimony in there
from some very
common threads, you
know Stewart
Swerdlow, for example,
whom I've interviewed also.
But a lot of this
is coming from--
the early part of the story is
coming from Robert Morning Sky.
And we're going to
get right into that
and talk about who he is.
But may I say something
before we even begin?
>>KASTEN: Sure.
>>REGINA: As scary and
ubiquitous as this story
seems to be, you and I
are of the same opinion,
and that is that
human beings, rock
solid DNA-driven
human beings actually
have far more capability
and power than them
once we start to wake
up and understand that.
>>KASTEN: Yes, absolutely.
I agree with that.
In fact, they really
are afraid of us.
>>REGINA: I know, that's
why so much oppression.
The last thing they
want to see happen here
is what's happening right now.
We're waking up.
>>KASTEN: Exactly, exactly.
>>REGINA: And so I
just have to say that
right up front before we go
and scare the bejesus out
of people, OK?
So first of all, let's talk
about Robert Morning Sky
and how he came into this story
and the nature of the beings
that he's speaking about.
>>KASTEN: Yes, his
grandfather was really
the key person who was involved
in the rescue of an alien
from a craft that crashed in
the desert on the reservation.
I think I believe it was--
>>REGINA: New Mexico.
>>KASTEN: New Mexico.
>>REGINA: In '47 before Roswell.
>>KASTEN: Before Roswell, yes.
And his grandfather was one
of the six young men that
discovered the site of the
crash and rescued the alien
and nursed him back to
health because he was hurt.
And then he left and he
started living among us
as a human being.
He was able to do that.
>>REGINA: OK, quick question.
Was the government aware
that there was a survivor?
I mean, I'm sure they must
have kept this secret.
>>KASTEN: Native
Americans, typically,
will not report these
crashes because there's
nothing in it for them.
They see that the military comes
and takes the wreckage away
and takes the survivors
away and they don't
know what happens to them.
So they don't need to report it.
They don't choose to.
It's their property.
>>REGINA: Right.
So you said that this being--
how did they describe
the being first,
and how was he able
to pass among humans?
>>KASTEN: He was
human-like, apparently.
And that's why he was able to
continue telling them his story
later after he had
already become absorbed
into the human race because he
left the reservation after he
came back to health.
And he continued the story--
and his name was [INAUDIBLE],,
they discovered--
and gave them the whole story of
human existence on this planet.
>>REGINA: Where was he from?
>>KASTEN: They never--
Morning Sky never
discussed that.
He never disclosed that.
>>REGINA: But he was more human,
not reptilian-human but human.
>>KASTEN: No, not reptilian.
Human-like, yes.
>>REGINA: Did he have
any features that
would distinguish him as
separate from humans or was he
human enough that
he just passed?
>>KASTEN: Not from what I
learned from Morning Sky's
writings, no.
He was able to pass
as so many are.
>>REGINA: Right.
And now, again, Robert
was getting this
from his grandfather who
was present at the time,
and he was present
to the stories
as they were being
relayed in the day?
>>KASTEN: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
So let's go ahead and talk
about some of the information
starting with the place
he called the Green World.
>>KASTEN: The Green World was
in this galaxy, apparently,
and we don't know exactly
which planet it was.
Morning Sky refers to
it as the Green World.
And that was the nexus,
that was the original home
world of the reptilian
species, that we now
call the Reptilians.
And according to Morning
Sky it really started
with dragonflies.
And the dragonflies
over millions of years
evolved into what
we now refer to as
Reptilians, scaly-skinned
humanoid-looking beings.
And they retained some
of the characteristics
of the dragonflies, however,
they did have wings,
and they were able
to fly and that this
was a tremendous advantage in
their battles which were many.
Because they were able to attack
an enemy flying as a host.
And Morning Sky describes it as
an angry buzz coming from them
until they were upon
their enemy and then
they were very
difficult to defeat.
>>REGINA: Fast and vicious and
had claws and all the above--
>>KASTEN: Yes.
They had claws.
So they became all powerful
on the Green World.
And they went through several
phases on the Green World.
Eventually they began
to evolve into more--
not quite as
ferocious and warlike
as they were business-like.
And what they originally relied
on to dominate in terms of
ferocity now became
business acumen and they
became money oriented
and became a commercial--
their civilization became
more commercial rather
than combative.
>>REGINA: So in your book,
you talk about not only money
systems but they have
colonial kind of practices
throughout the solar system.
They also use war and
assassinations and sport games.
And I thought, pretty
much sounds like us.
Is it that bad everywhere?
>>KASTEN: It does
sound like us and I
think the reason it sounds like
us is because we have derived
a lot of that from them
because of their influence
here on this planet.
So we've become mercenary
and combative in business
just like they were, just
like they had developed
those same capabilities.
We're now sort of bloodthirsty
when it comes to business
the same way they were.
>>REGINA: And my understanding
of the deep prehistory eras,
very early times
which we'll get into
is that is not what human
beings we're wired as.
That's not what
the being was like.
This is something
that has almost been
an infection on this planet.
>>KASTEN: Right, we're talking
about millions of years
ago, actually.
>>REGINA: Yeah, many
millions of years ago--
OK, let's go back
for a moment now.
Stewart Swerdlow, now,
he says, that can't be.
They could not have evolved.
They are fully embodied
as we know them today,
as humanoid reptilians and
came from Draco and Orion.
Draco, Draco-- however
you say it-- and Orion.
So what is your thought on that?
Between those two stories, that
they were evolved in the Green
Land according to Morning Sky's
grandfather as dragonflies that
developed into this humanoid
type of being versus Swerdlow's
views which say, no,
they came from Draco
and that's how they always were.
>>KASTEN: And I questioned
that in my book.
I did say that Swerdlow
is not much of a--
how would he know
whether or not it
was possible for a dragonfly to
evolve into a reptilian being?
But Morning Sky did say that.
That that's why they were
able to fly because they
have that capability.
They still had the wings
in the early stages
of their evolution.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about what
happened on the Green Land.
There's quite a bit
written in your book
about what happened with the
reproduction capabilities
of the species, with the
females who ultimately
gained dominance,
with their inability
to reproduce at one point.
Explain that whole
lineage to us.
>>KASTEN: Well,
as the Reptilians
became more aware of
technology and learned
how to fly to their moons
and to inhabit their moons
and to mine their
moons, they gradually
started to go out
into the cosmos.
They developed
spacefaring technology.
And since they were
a very fierce race,
they had no trouble conquering
the entities that they
encountered wherever they went.
And so they really
developed an empire.
>>REGINA: But why?
What was the motivation?
>>KASTEN: That's
the way they are.
They have no other
modus operandi.
All they know how to
do is to dominate.
They're not a
peace-loving people.
That's the key.
That's one of the key
attributes of the Reptilians
is they really have nothing that
we would recognize as a heart
or love or affection.
They don't have those
capabilities, they just don't.
That's the way they're made.
So all they know about
when they encounter
another civilization
on a distant star
is how do we dominate them
and make them our slaves?
And that's been
what they've been
doing for hundreds of
thousands of years,
perhaps millions of years.
>>REGINA: So it's
been speculated
with people who write
about the Anunnaki and such
that this was done for a
purpose where maybe they
needed a resource or
something like that.
You're saying, no,
it's just what they do?
>>KASTEN: That's
what they do, yes.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Well, we
know people like that.
We know governments
and countries
like that, ours being one.
>>KASTEN: Well, we have
certain characteristics,
certain characteristics similar.
But we're much more
than that, they are not.
>>REGINA: Yes, we're
much more than that.
And we're going to get into
that part of the story.
Because really to me, what
matters in all of this
is the statement we
made at the very top
and that's where
we're going to end.
But we still need
to maybe understand
some of the nature of the depth
of the interference that's
been going on as a result of the
presence of this particular DNA
probe.
>>KASTEN: Right.
Yes.
Right.
And so their encounter
with human beings
began in the
constellation of Lyra.
That was the first time that
humans and Reptilians met.
And Alex Collier
tells that whole story
in his book "Defending
Sacred Ground."
And that's a book I
would recommend highly.
>>REGINA: OK.
Good.
Thank you.
>>KASTEN: And Alex
is tremendous.
He's a good writer
and everything.
And he knows the whole
story because he's
connected to the Andromedans,
and the Andromedans of course,
know everything about this.
>>REGINA: And so let's
talk about the beings,
the Lyran beings, OK.
We can go into the trajectory
of Mars and to Earth.
But let's look at where the
Reptilians finally made it here
where the cross-breeding
started and so forth.
Just paint that picture because
it's two divergent pathways.
>>KASTEN: I think
before we do that, we
have to talk about the fact that
the male Reptilians dominated
their society for hundreds
of thousands of years.
When it came to
actually developing
stable societies of
the entities that they
had defeated in battle, they
left that to the females.
The females were the ones that
actually devised the systems
for controlling the
populations of these planets.
>>REGINA: Did it happen
through crossbreeding?
>>KASTEN: No, no.
>>REGINA: They just
knew how to dominate.
>>KASTEN: The females were just
adept at that and so they did
all the work that
was necessary to--
>>REGINA: Subdue a species--
>>KASTEN: That's right.
Keep the conquered
peoples in line
and fearful and controlled
and contributing their labor
which that's what they did.
They were enslaved.
Eventually, it became rather
than just simple enslavement,
they realized that enslaving
conquered populations was not
the right way to go.
They would simply let them
develop their own society
and contribute money.
OK, just--
>>REGINA: Introduce
the monetary system--
>>KASTEN: Introduce
the monetary system,
and banking as they developed.
And that's how they
controlled those societies.
And the females
were the ones who
were drafted to do
that kind of work
while the males went
back out into space
and conquered a few
more star systems.
>>REGINA: Now, let's start
on the rest of that story.
So the males are out conquering,
here you have planet Earth.
We have an earth with a
newly developing species.
>>KASTEN: Yeah, before
we get there though,
we have to talk about the
fact that the females began
to realize that they really
were the most important.
>>REGINA: Oh, this is
where they become dominant.
>>KASTEN: That's right.
They were more important.
They were running
these star systems.
They were supervising
and they finally
realized, well, why shouldn't
we have the supreme power?
Why should the
king be in charge?
And they revolted,
and instead of a king
they replaced the
king with a queen.
And then they started
to assassinate
the important males to
get them out of the way
and the women took over.
>>REGINA: And as
I recall, it said
that they were breeding
the males of the species
for shorter lifespans.
>>KASTEN: Yes.
>>REGINA: And they were
in service to the queen,
so to speak, to make
sure there was always
the strongest offspring.
>>KASTEN: Well, the queens
put more emphasis on drugs.
And they had their
scientists developing
these remarkable drugs that
could shorten or lengthen
a lifespan.
And it was because the
females were in charge
that they took that
route of the development
of the medical systems
and drug-related things.
And eventually they could
extend the life of the queen
beyond an incredible limit.
>>REGINA: But you
said even beyond that,
that the queen had the ability
to transfer consciousness
into a younger vehicle
and continue her reign.
Like in the movie, "Self/less."
>>KASTEN: Exactly.
And eventually the scientists
developed the ability
to develop clones
because the queen wanted
another entity with
spare parts in case
her's wore out which they did.
So they could take the
spare parts, the organs
and the limbs, whatever she
needed and renew her vigor.
And so her lifespan
started to grow.
The queen started to
live to advanced ages.
And then the
scientists developed
even more of a drug
that could even
extend her lifespan even more.
So the people of the
planets that they conquered
began to believe that
the queen was immortal
because she lived beyond
the lifespan of most
of the population and
began to worship her
as divine, eventually.
And so the queens
remained in control.
The men continued to dominate
their conquests of the star
systems, but now the female
warriors also joined in that.
And the reason for that was
that they reached the point
where they started to encounter
civilizations that resisted
and weren't as easy to defeat.
And they had to do something
to change the system.
So they said, why don't we
recruit female warriors too.
And they did and
that helped also
in the transition from
the male to the female.
>>REGINA: They were vicious.
>>KASTEN: The females
were more vicious.
They were less bothered by minor
problems than the males were.
Not that they were more vicious,
they were more efficient.
They were more cold.
They were more cold-blooded
killers than the males were.
Let's put it that way.
>>REGINA: OK, now, when do we
start descending to earth here
with them?
And when do we start
getting into crossbreeding
and all that?
You pick up the story
and tell it in the order
you would like to.
>>KASTEN: Well, while they were
developing their civilizations
in Draco, primarily in Draco
which is a star system about
300 light years from us.
The humans in this galaxy
were developing a civilization
in the star system Lyra.
Now, Swerdlow doesn't know
how the humans got here.
He doesn't know how
the Reptilians got here
in this galaxy.
He does talk about how
the Reptilians evolved
from the dragonfly,
but he doesn't really
know how they got into
this particular galaxy.
They just appeared
full grown so to speak.
And the humans were the same.
They just appeared.
They could have come
from another dimension.
from another star system.
They could have come
from another time period.
>>REGINA: Uh, huh, that's where
Adamski's work comes in that's
very interesting because
he said with his contact
with the Venusians and such,
the information he was given
is that this humanoid
form, the human form,
is the most useful
and popular in terms
of the vehicles for incarnating
into throughout the universe.
It's very common, we're
a very common form.
>>KASTEN: Yes, it is now.
But in those early
stages, the Lyra
was the only place
the humans existed.
The human race
existed on planets
in the star system Lyra.
And they had very
peaceful civilizations.
They developed agriculture.
They traded with each other.
And eventually,
they also developed
spacefaring technology.
And they were living
very peacefully.
There were millions
of them, and I
don't know how many
planets they had in Lyra
but there were several.
And one day the Reptilians
appeared in the sky
and decided they
would like to find out
more about these human beings.
And at first they were friendly,
but then they somehow felt
insulted by the way the
Lyrans regarded them,
and they started to kill them.
And they destroyed
50 million Lyrans.
three of their planets.
They had the technology to
actually destroy planets.
>>REGINA: Oh, this huge star
ship, the queen's starship,
the way it's described it
looks like the death star.
An all-seeing eye that vaporizes
whole cities and small planets
that are in the way.
>>KASTEN: Yeah, the death star
that George Lucas talked about
was developed by the
Reptilians as a weapon.
And it made sense to have
a globular configuration
and a planetary
configuration as a spaceship
than some sleek
aerodynamic thing
because they could
live inside the planet
while they're traveling through
space, and they did that.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>KASTEN: And they
could keep their animals
with them, their agriculture
with them, in the planet.
>>REGINA: So now they're
attacking the peaceful Lyrans.
So what happens next?
>>KASTEN: They wiped
out 50 billion Lyrans.
The Lyrans were unprepared
for such a catastrophe.
It was truly a holocaust and
they created a human diaspora
in the galaxy.
The humans spread to 110
different star systems
eventually.
Many of whom developed
spacefaring technology
and many of them who did not.
They particularly inhabited
the Pleiades and Procyon
and several other star systems.
And eventually they continued
to connect with each other
and they developed something
that we now refer to as a
the Federation.
Some call it the
Galactic Federation.
Some call it the Collective.
Some call it the
Confederation of Light.
>>REGINA: But it's
uniquely human DNA?
>>KASTEN: It's a human thing.
And they started to learn how
to repel the Reptilian attacks,
and they became good at it.
The Reptilians
left a lot of them
alone as they developed these
other colonies and other star
systems.
But the Reptilians, their
spacefaring technology
was so advanced they
could go anywhere
and they eventually discovered
a lot of the human habitats
but they were repelled by
them because the humans did
learn how to develop
the weaponry to do that.
And some of the humans wound
up here in this solar system.
And at the time they
came here, which
I think Swerdlow said was about
two or three million years ago,
they inhabited two planets--
Mars and a planet
that we now refer to
as Maldek which was the
fourth planet from the sun.
And they lived peacefully too
just like they had in Lyra.
And developed trading
with each other,
developed agricultural
societies.
They were not warlike at all.
And then one day,
guess who showed up?
>>REGINA: Our favorites.
>>KASTEN: The Reptilians.
>>REGINA: The Reptilians, yep.
>>KASTEN: And they
figured that by that time
according to Alex Collier,
the Reptilians had discovered
that they could use
humans as a food source,
actually, eat human's flesh.
They also had developed
the dinosaur--
dinosaurs as a food source.
When they came to
this solar system,
they brought their
dinosaurs with them.
>>REGINA: OK, now,
that's interesting to me.
Because I noted
that and I thought
that according to
science dinosaurs
disappeared 65 million
years ago, way before they
would have come.
So you are saying they
brought some more with them?
>>KASTEN: What we call the
Jurassic period supposedly
started 265 million
years ago and terminated
all of a sudden 65
million years ago.
That's based on carbon dating.
Carbon dating is
notoriously unreliable.
Swerdlow's time
frame is different.
He claims that they came here
about a million years ago
to this solar system.
>>REGINA: The
Reptilians came here.
>>KASTEN: Yes.
That's pretty new to the game.
>>KASTEN: There were no humans
here when they got here.
>>REGINA: Yeah, see now, I think
that time frame is way off.
Certainly by the
Vedas and others.
But let's ignore time frames
and just go with the story
and forget the fact that all
the different researchers
and viewers doing this stuff
are trying to peer into an era
where time wasn't the same, the
frequencies of the dimension
itself wasn't the same.
And I can see where
this gets very
confusing in these
long time frames.
The Vedas are far, far longer
than that, for example.
So that's why I
almost think it's best
to just leave time
frames out but maybe
go with more concurrent events
so that people don't have
resistance to, yeah, it couldn't
happen because they disappeared
then, how could these guys have
eaten them when they showed up
64 million years later.
So let's just forget all
that and go with the story.
>>KASTEN: Well, in any case,
according to Swerdlow's time
table, the humans did
inhabit Mars and Maldek
before the Reptilians arrived
here and were living peacefully
on those two planets, on the
surface of those two planets.
And when the Reptilians
showed up here,
they destroyed
Maldek immediately,
either with a weapon or just by
simply going by so close to it
that it exploded and millions
of humans on Maldek died.
A lot of them were able
to get off and go to Mars.
But when the death star--
which Swerdlow referred
to as a death star--
went by Mars it stripped
the atmosphere of much
of its oxygen. So
the Martians were
forced to retreat underground.
So the Maldekians
that survived also
joined the Martians
underground on Mars
when Maldek was destroyed.
And of course, the destruction
of Maldek supposedly
created the asteroid belt--
that we call now
the asteroid belt.
The Reptilians went on
then and encountered
earth which at that time
was a water planet according
to Swerdlow's
technology time frame.
And they were able
to dry it out.
And they went into a mutual
orbit around the Earth
with their death star, dried
it out, and the water sort of
congealed at the polar regions.
And out of that water--
out of those oceans emerged two
continents which we refer to
as Lemuria and Atlantis.
And then they created supposedly
a moon which is artificial--
our moon is artificial--
because it was easier to
inhabit Earth from a moon
that was closer than from Venus.
They in turn became the
third planet from the sun.
Their death star
became the planet Venus
and they inhabited the Earth
and they settled on Lemuria.
And they lived on
Lemuria by themselves
for around 300,000 years.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and
that's again where
the stories-- so many
different stories come
into this because the
other body of stories
say that they were peace-loving.
As they were developing
this very early development,
peace-loving humans
there at that time,
is it possible we're now
dropping into something
called maybe parallel
timelines, parallel realities?
>>KASTEN: No, I don't think so.
I'll tell you why.
Because by that time the
Federation was well-developed,
and many of the
Federation star systems
had spacefaring technology
and advanced technology
and advanced weaponry.
So they were quite able
to defend themselves
and to help each other.
The 110 different
star systems now
became a federation, a true
federation and they traded
and they helped each other with
technology and with education.
So at that point, the
Federation decided they
we're not going to let
the Reptilians have
this particular solar system.
And so they sent a fierce
group of humans that we call
the Atlans, A-t-l-a-n-s, to
inhabit the other continent
on this planet, and
that became Atlantis.
>>REGINA: But they were human.
>>KASTEN: They were humans.
But they were the early humans.
They originated in
the Lyran star system.
They were not created
on this planet.
They were basically
extraterrestrials.
Being prehuman, as
we refer to human,
they did not have
the Reptilian brain.
But we'll get to
that in a minute.
In any case, the Atlans were
unhappy with the dinosaurs
chomping over their
agricultural settlements
and they went to war
with the Reptilians.
And they had very
sophisticated weaponry.
They had what I think Swerdlow
calls electromagnetic pulse
weapons which they used
to cause Lemuria to sink
beneath the Pacific Ocean.
And the Reptilians then
retreated underground
on this planet.
And the humans had the
planet's surface to themselves.
And they were able to
develop a golden civilization
that we call Atlantis.
And they had
tremendous technology,
tremendous resources.
They were very spiritual
in the beginning.
And they were very
loving and helpful
and they were a
very powerful race.
>>REGINA: And agrarian,
very beautiful--
interesting.
You know, and I've talked
to a number of people
who have that deep vision and
have been able to look back,
all the way back to the
beginning into time.
And the one thing that they
do concur with this story on,
is that even during
those times they
were being attacked from above.
I haven't heard anyone
yet that wasn't aware
that they were under
threat from something
outside of their own culture.
>>KASTEN: Was it above
or was it from below?
>>REGINA: Above-- they
talk about aircraft,
you know, using
advanced technology.
You know, particle beam
technology and so forth.
>>REGINA: The Reptilians had
all that technology underground.
They had developed a global
train system, a high speed
train system.
They had developed
multi-level civilization
under the planet's surface.
>>REGINA: Then maybe Atlantis
was under attack from beings
beyond, as well.
>>KASTEN: It's possible.
>>REGINA: You know, but I mean,
that disruptive force was there
even in those golden days.
>>KASTEN: Yeah but the
Atlanteans could handle it.
They had very advanced weaponry.
They had the fire stone
that Cayce talks about.
And they were able
to defend themselves.
The Reptilians
decided that the best
way to get the surface back
was through hybridization,
and they're very good at this.
They've used that system
throughout the galaxy.
To defeat 21 different star
systems, they've used it.
So they started abducting
humans from Atlantis
and mixing their DNA with the
human DNA and creating hybrids.
The hybrids were then planted
back into Atlantean society
and they began to develop.
>>REGINA: That's the
Reptilian brain and such was--
not yet?
>>KASTEN: No, no.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>KASTEN: But they took
over the key positions,
the levers of power.
What we now call--
during World War II we
called it the fifth column.
In other words, the way that
phrase-- the fifth column--
where it comes from is
in the Spanish Civil War.
The Spanish generals had
four columns of troops
and they refer to
the fifth column
as being already infiltrated
in the population
and they were weakening
it from within.
Well, that's exactly the
way the Reptilians operate.
So the fifth column started to
infiltrate Atlantean society
to the point where they
felt they could now
come in and take over Atlantis.
>>REGINA: So what
were the traits
that started evolving from
the hybridization programs?
>>KASTEN: Well, being
Reptilian, partially Reptilian,
they were naturally--
more aggressive.
All of the traits that we now
refer to as compassion, love,
and affection,
they did not have.
And they were able to slowly
take over the levers of power.
But more than that
they developed
a black magic capability.
We refer to demonology now--
well, Swerdlow claims that
what we refer to as demons
were really Reptilians
living underground.
And they did have
magical capabilities
because they had control.
They basically lived in
the fourth dimension,
the dreamscape, what
we call the dreamscape.
And so they could control
the humans from that point.
But the Atlanteans were very
sophisticated spiritually,
as well.
>>REGINA: They had
access to the same thing.
It might just be
called white magic.
>>KASTEN: White magic, exactly.
>>REGINA: They had
the same capabilities.
>>KASTEN: Yes.
But in any case,
the Atlanteans began
to realize that the
threat was not from above,
it was from below.
And they started pointing
their weapons downwards
instead of upward--
the pulse weapons.
And that destabilized
Atlantis, the continent,
and the whole continent
became unstable.
And the black magic sort of
contributed to that problem.
And allied with the
volcanic activity,
Atlantis began to sink itself.
>>REGINA: Yes, and there were
those above ground at that time
that spent decades
of their lives
while this was unfolding
over a long period of time
trying to hold the
energies together
in trying to counter it.
>>KASTEN: We call them
white magicians verses
the black magicians, yes.
>>REGINA: And they worked very
hard to hold that whole gig
together, and they ended up
going down with the ship.
As a result, it
caused a lot of damage
to the people who were there.
>>KASTEN: But prior to
the sinking of Atlantis,
the main portion of which sank
in one night as everyone knows
now, they were warned by their--
>>REGINA: They knew.
>>KASTEN: Yes, by their psychics
and by their advanced beings.
>>REGINA: Well, it
was the third time.
This has been done in stages.
It started going down from
the north to the midsection
and finally the south which
was by then a much more
of a warring condition.
>>KASTEN: Right, and
the Island of Poseidon
was a main [? thing. ?]
By the way,
prior to that sinking colonies
left Atlantis and started
colonies like in Greece.
The early Grecians were
a colony of Atlantis.
That's why they were really
very similar to the Atlanteans
in many ways.
But they were a
breakaway civilization
and the Atlanteans went to
war with them to recover them.
They didn't like the fact
that they had gone away.
So that also started the
Mediterranean civilizations.
>>REGINA: Well, then you have
the whole Egyptian culture.
>>REGINA: And then you
got the whole Egyptian.
And so there was also a
mass migration to Egypt,
that was the main
one and that was led
by a high priest called Thoth.
T-h-o-t-h.
>>REGINA: The basis of
the hermetic tradition--
>>KASTEN: Right, and I
made the point in my book
that Egypt seemed to have
sprung out of nothing.
There was no previous barbarian
civilization in Egypt.
>>REGINA: Well, then again.
When you get back to
alternate timelines,
the hermetics will say that
Egypt existed concurrently
with Atlantis over a period of a
couple 100,000 years up to date
currently.
So there was always an
exchange back and forth
of these cultures, right?
And that changes the way
we view the whole thing.
If we understand that, and if
they had advanced knowledge,
each time that Atlantis was
to be destroyed in stages,
they had these immigrations,
mass immigrations, all along
to South America, the Yucatan
even Europe and Egypt.
>>KASTEN: To the Yucatan,
that's right, Central America,
South America, and
Egypt and Greece--
the civilization
that started Greece,
the Atlanteans went to
war with the Grecians
and that's covered
in Plato's book--
Plato's writings-- about that
war, how valiantly the Grecians
were able to defend themselves.
But in any case--
>>REGINA: Because these
were basically humans.
>>KASTEN: They were humans.
>>REGINA: They were humans as
in the upper-Egyptian times.
They valued love and family
and loyalty and beauty
of all kinds.
>>KASTEN: Yes, they were human.
They were descended from
the original Lyrans,
as were the Atlanteans.
And they were
taller than we are.
They were godlike
beings in many ways.
They were not like the human
race as we know it today.
They were far in
advance of that.
That's why they
were able to create
such a huge incredible
civilization in Egypt--
the pyramids, the incredible
obelisks, the statuary.
There was no barbarian
stage in Egypt.
And I made the point in my book
that it came without mother,
without father.
It just appeared.
>>REGINA: It appeared.
And again, that's
where you have to look
at these alternate timelines
now and say, oh, well, of course
it was because it had already
existed for tens of thousands
of years if not
more prior to that
that's not acknowledged
because it's buried deep
under the sands.
We can't see the physical
evidence of early Egypt.
>>KASTEN: Right,
there is some evidence
that there were pyramids
and very sophisticated
temples as early as
10,000 years ago.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And some of the work Carmen
Boulter is doing right now
is fascinating.
Those treasures that showed up
not far from Gobeckli Tepi that
have the sarcophagus that looks
virtually identical to Tut's.
It has those statuary of the
various Egyptian gods, right?
Including Amenhotep IV, or
Akhenaten, in this cache
and also his father
Amenhotep III, right?
And those have been dated,
those are little statues,
very fine little statues
and they're carved of wood
and dipped in gold,
covered in gold.
And they did some scratch tests
of carbon dating on the wood.
Those are 11,000 years old.
Those were Atlantean
artifacts that past on
through the family.
>>KASTEN: The Atlanteans
had so much gold they
didn't know what to do with it.
They plated their
buildings with it.
They wove their
garments with gold.
And so the Egyptians naturally
brought that capability over
with them.
>>REGINA: They did
and so some of what
we're seeing in the great
exhibits around the world--
the Louvre, British
Museum, and those.
I've been there, I haven't
been to the one in Cairo.
Those may be Atlantean
artifacts we're looking at.
I mean, maybe heirlooms
that have been passed down.
They may not even be from
that dynasty, for example.
>>KASTEN: That's right, and
the Egyptians did work in gold.
>>REGINA: A very
sophisticated culture
with board games and beautiful
jewelry and instruments.
>>KASTEN: And technology, yes,
and the medical capabilities.
They were actually able to
remove cataracts from the eyes.
>>REGINA: Yeah, brain surgery.
>>KASTEN: Brain surgery--
I mean, that's because
they were prehuman.
What we call human
beings now are different.
It's different, and we'll
talk about that in a minute.
>>REGINA: And now,
let's get to that part
when you're done with
this part because we
want to see where we ended
up with this Reptilian brain
for one.
>>KASTEN: But I just
want us to point out
that it was Thoth, who
was an Atlantean that
designed and built the
Great Pyramid of Giza.
And there was far
more to those pyramids
technologically speaking
than we understand.
>>REGINA: Absolutely,
and again the hermetics
date the Great Pyramid
at 85,000 years.
>>REGINA: Oh, OK, well, I
think Robert Anthony West--
>>REGINA: He told me he
thought maybe 35,000 years.
>>KASTEN: John Anthony
West said 35,000?
>>REGINA: He did.
In one interview
with me a long time
ago, I didn't really hear him
talk about it much after that.
But I do know this, recently
at a conference in Sedona,
I attended the second
day, not the first.
And on the first
night, Robert Schalk
was chatting casually
with someone.
And he said, you can't talk
about it publicly, so to speak,
because there's no
place to put it.
But when he first
saw the Great Pyramid
he thought it was around
100,000 years old.
So that overlays also
with the hermetic text
that it's 85,000 years old.
This changes history.
>>KASTEN: Well, it was
Atlantean technology, certainly.
>>REGINA: Exactly,
concurrent with Atlantis--
>>KASTEN: Yes, concurrent
with Atlantis--
as some of the Greek temples
were really remarkable too.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>KASTEN: Because
they were concurrent.
>>REGINA: Very Atlantean--
>>KASTEN: Yeah, so yes,
the technology was amazing.
And there was a temple,
the temple of Osiris
is it that's also built
on a prior temple that
was supposed to be about at
least 10,000 years old, if I'm
correct.
>>REGINA: The history
is under the sand.
>>KASTEN: It's
under the sand, yes.
And by the time Atlantis
actually sank so many of them
had left and migrated
to other places
that human civilization
sprung up in those places.
But the war continued between
the Reptilians and the humans.
It did not go away.
And the struggle got
pretty fierce again
because the Reptilians
were actually
coming out through the
openings and having
their battles between the humans
continuing with the Reptilians.
And the humans had developed
spacefaring technology
on Atlantis, as you know.
And they were already attacking
the Reptilian colonies
on the moon, as well.
And the Maldekians were
a part of that also.
There was a council called
in the galaxy of Andromeda
to decide on how to
reconcile the two
civilizations on this planet.
How to cease the warfare and
evolve a peaceful civilization
on this planet.
And at that council,
they decided
that they were going
to create a new race
and it would be part
human and part Reptilian.
Humans of course, did not want
any part of the Reptilian DNA.
But 12 human civilizations were
combined with some Reptilian
DNA as part of the deal.
The most active human
race involved in that
were the Elohim, they were
humans from a very distant star
system but they were humans
who had originated on Lyra.
So that's how the human
race was created according
to Swerdlow's timeline, around
40,000 or 50,000 years ago,
and what became the Garden
of Eden in northern Iraq.
>>REGINA: [INAUDIBLE] work, yep.
>>KASTEN: And that human
race of which we now
are the descendants and that we
now call homo sapiens sapien,
does have the Reptilian brain.
So they're much different
than the Atlanteans.
We are much different
>>REGINA: But there are still
pure humans that exist here.
>>KASTEN: They still exist.
>>KASTEN: They do
and they come back.
I think they incarnate at
various periods of time,
particularly as in
the past when darkness
seems to be taking over,
these cast of characters
do come back and try to
inculcate some knowledge
and light and
higher understanding
into humanity at those times.
And often times it doesn't
last or it doesn't take seed
because there are
a lot of forces
that do work against that.
>>KASTEN: Right, and I
understand that some of those
became what we call the masters
in Tibet, or some of those.
>>REGINA: They think
they're all over the planet.
>>KASTEN: They're
all over the planet.
Yes.
And they have mystery schools.
They founded mystery schools.
And I think they're
hermetic mystery schools.
>>REGINA: That is
one of them, yes.
>>KASTEN: And so
a lot of human--
our type of human--
had gone to these
mystery schools
and were able to develop a
higher spirituality thanks
to the Atlanteans.
>>REGINA: If you take this
notion that the human being has
now been bred with
the Reptilian brain,
which is oriented
towards survival,
but also with the Lyran--
>>KASTEN: And fear.
And fear.
>>REGINA: --and
fear, absolutely,
and the Lyran upper traits--
higher traits of humanity--
you start looking at
the complex species that
is known as the human being.
And in your book, you
spend a good amount
of time on World War II and
not just the personality
traits but the training
that their soldiers
were subjected to from
Hirohito and from Hitler.
>>KASTEN: Right, and the
reason I was doing that was I
wanted to point out how
vicious the Reptilians were
because the Reptilians
basically were behind the Nazis
and also the Kaiser
in World War II.
And they were vicious,
they were vicious killers.
>>REGINA: Well, not only that,
the thing that struck me is
that the systems in which they
brought the boys up under,
those military systems,
and the military training
of the youth--
whether it was Hitler's youth
or whether it was Hirohito's, I
don't know what the
equivalent name of his youth--
and this goes right into British
boarding school and boarding
schools around the world.
It's all the same.
>>KASTEN: And Japan
had the equivalent
of that, that same type
of educational system.
>>REGINA: These systems-- and
I know some of these people
well--
breed a different
kind of human being.
>>KASTEN: Yeah, They're
vicious and they have
no they have no conscience.
They have no heart.
They kill just
like the Nazis did.
One of them reported just
shooting women and children
for sport.
>>REGINA: Well, and also,
the Nanking massacre
or the rape of Nanking is one
of the most disgusting events
that's ever happened in
quote, "human history."
>>KASTEN: That's why
I wanted to cover it.
Because what I wanted
to do was make sure
people understand just how
conscienceless and vicious
the Reptilians are.
They have no affection as we
understand affection and love.
They have no heart chakra.
So for them it's just a matter
of domination and conquest.
That's all they think about.
When they encounter
a new star system,
it's conquest that they have
in mind, not friendship.
All they're concerned about
is taking all the time.
>>REGINA: But how
does this work?
So you have a system that
brings out the Reptilian
characteristics in people,
these military schools,
these elite boarding schools
that do horrid types of hazing,
that create an
absolute dominance
over another submission,
absolute acquiescence--
robots to follow orders no
matter how cruel they are.
>>KASTEN: And what happened
in Auschwitz and all of that?
>>REGINA: Yes, but
these are human beings.
These are human
beings doing this.
>>KASTEN: Well, yes,
these are human beings,
but look at it this way.
We do know that the
Reptilians do live underground
in the third dimension,
some of them.
But mostly, they live
in the fourth dimension
which is not physical.
>>REGINA: Well, it's just
the next phase off the real.
>>KASTEN: It's
the next phase up,
but it also inhabits
the dreamscape.
And many of these men that
became vicious killers
were programmed through
the fourth dimension
in their dreamscape--
through the dreamscape.
And James Bartley
talks about that
in great detail in his
books, how that happens,
how they are able to do that.
And that's how they
prepare a nation for war.
They prepare these
killers internally
through the dreamscape to
become totally unconscious
of human suffering.
They have no regard
for human suffering.
To them it's just a game.
They kill just like that.
And that's what happened
with the First World
War with the Kaiser when
the German army went
through Belgium.
And I made a whole point
of that in the book.
You've read that
part, I believe?
>>REGINA: I did.
>>KASTEN: How vicious.
Belgium was just a
corridor to France.
The Germans had declared war
on France not on Belgium.
And they violated the
neutrality treaty.
So when they went
through Belgium,
they started killing
civilians randomly.
They massacred 100,000
people 6,000 of which
were by execution.
And they had no
reason to do that.
And they bayoneted
little babies.
Now, I made that point simply to
show what kind of human society
can be created by
Reptilian influence.
That's why I made the point.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I
understand that.
And when we look at
ourselves and we see that,
in our own histories, the
type of cruelty any one of us
may have been capable
of at one time
that we couldn't even
begin to understand today
in modern times, for example.
>>KASTEN: Right, but
I think the human race
itself is essentially decent.
The human race is
essentially decent.
And the brutality comes
from that mixture of the DNA
from the Reptilians.
And since they are in positions
of power throughout the globe
through the Illuminati, they
can transfer that brutality
to their minions, to
their people under them.
>>REGINA: So really, it shows
me that one thing that must
become obsolete are militaries.
All kinds of military
training ultimately,
this has to become obsolete
on this planet in order for it
to recover itself, right?
>>KASTEN: Yes, and
that will happen
as human consciousness expands.
That's the game.
The game is expanding
human conscious.
Once we reach a
certain level, we'll
be free of all Reptilian
influence completely.
>>REGINA: So we still
have a big roadblock here
and that is monetary systems.
So one of the greatest fears
in the life of human beings
is that they don't have
the means to survive.
Or if they don't go along with
the program, even doing things
they don't like doing,
that they're not
going to be able to survive
or feed their family.
This is more insidious,
less obvious,
but more insidious
on a lot of levels
than even the overt
means of taking over.
>>KASTEN: Right, and that's
why half of the human race
lives in poverty half of it.
Fully, half of the human race
lives on less than $2.50 a day,
OK?
One third live on
less than $1.25 a day.
And that's because
the Reptilians
control the banking--
I shouldn't say the Reptilians.
We have to talk
about the Illuminati.
>>REGINA: Well,
that's what I was
going to get to that what we
call the Power Elite-- now,
in your book, you
say they are kind
of 50/50 admixture of human, the
modern human and Reptilian DNA.
So is this more going into
David Icke's territory.
>>KASTEN: Sort of, sort of.
>>REGINA: So explain this to us
and explain your understanding.
>>KASTEN: When the Reptilian
DNA reaches a certain point,
they are able to shape shift and
look human when they need to.
>>REGINA: Well, I will
tell you something.
I don't know if I'm supposed
to tell this or not.
In fact, David told me this.
David Icke told me this.
We're friends.
And he said that he
spoke with someone
in the military who he knew
very well who was attending
a speech by George Bush Sr.
And the man said, he
was totally freaked out
because he didn't know
about any of this stuff.
But that's what he saw
happening with George Bush
Sr. He was shape shifting.
And he saw it with his own
eyes and he was shocked.
And that's the only reason he
even spoke to David about it
because he was
straight military.
This world does
not exist for him.
So that just was a
little fantastic.
>>KASTEN: There's
a video on YouTube
that shows George Bush
Sr.'s eyes becoming slits.
Have you seen that
video on YouTube?
>>REGINA: But I always
wonder-- if it's
YouTube you have to wonder.
But I thought that
was interesting
that this dyed in the
wool military man said,
I saw it with my own eyes.
>>KASTEN: Yeah, that's amazing.
Truly.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about this 50/50 hybrid
and what they're doing here.
>>KASTEN: They
became the royalty
that we know as
European royalty,
because they had a larger
admixture of Reptilian DNA.
And the reason they
call them bluebloods
was because they
have more copper
in their system and
the copper turns
the blood somewhat bluish.
And so they became
known as bluebloods.
And they were in charge of
all of the basic civilizations
in Europe and all
over the planet.
>>REGINA: Right, and Hitler
was in league with them.
But Hitler, himself,
wasn't Reptilian.
>>KASTEN: Well, his father
was really a Rothschild.
>>REGINA: Well, I was going
to say, and not only that,
there is a little
book that I read
years ago called "Hitler's
Secret Backers" written
by one of the Warburgs.
And he was talking about
how those families--
the big banking
families in America--
were the ones who
gave the lion's
share of the original funding
to Hitler to get started, get
his uniforms, and make
a presence in the world.
>>KASTEN: Allen Dulles
was part of that.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
Dulles was part of it.
>>KASTEN: And also Allen Dulles
and his brother John Foster
Dulles--
the bluebloods basically have
controlled our civilization
for thousands of years now.
And the Reptilians
keep us, the population
in a dumbed down
state, because they
know that we have the capability
of expanding our consciousness
and eventually reaching into
the higher dimensions, which
they can't do.
They can't do that.
>>REGINA: Mm, mm.
They don't have the refinement.
>>KASTEN: So we
have the capability,
and that's why they
are afraid of us.
They know that.
And they keep us subdued through
propaganda and mind control.
Mind control is their main
technique, and hybridisation.
And all the abductions the
whole abduction scenario
is for the purposes
of hybridisation.
They are creating
hybrids in large numbers
all over the planet.
Now, the hybrid body is not able
to accommodate a human soul.
A human soul cannot
enter a hybrid body.
There's something about the DNA.
So when we deal with hybrids,
we're dealing with aliens.
And as the hybrid population
grows and the more human
looking hybrids start to
take over all the positions
of power, eventually the human--
the spiritually-based humans--
will be dispossessed.
>>REGINA: Do you
see this as a given?
>>KASTEN: I see it happening.
That's their plan.
That's the plan.
>>REGINA: I know
that's their plan,
but we're also
starting to remember.
We're starting to wake
up at the same time.
>>KASTEN: Yes, OK, that's
true, and the Federation
is helping us to grow up,
to expand our consciousness.
So that's the game we're in now.
It's a stalemate really.
If the human consciousness
can expand enough
before the hybrid population
reaches the point of takeover.
And we also have to talk about
the robotics part of this.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah, and
the transhumanist part.
>>KASTEN: Transhumanism
and the singularity.
>>REGINA: That is a
pretty evil agenda.
>>KASTEN: That's
also Reptilian based.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>KASTEN: Because they
control technology.
They control the media.
They control Hollywood.
All of that is
under the control--
>>REGINA: And if you control
all of that and you create--
in a kind of a mass
understanding--
that you're just flesh
and it's dust to dust
and all this spiritual
nonsense is fairy tales,
then you create a need
for their product.
Because these people are
terrified of dying because they
think they cease to exist.
So you got to find something
else to be able transfer that--
not soul-- but mind into, right?
>>KASTEN: And once
you're dead, you're dead?
>>REGINA: But if the rest of
the planet says, no, not really,
you just reincarnate.
Hopefully, you learned a thing
or two and do better next time.
>>KASTEN: Exactly, exactly.
And so the Reptilians
have to keep us
in a state of ignorance,
which they do.
It's very effective,
because they
control the educational system.
>>REGINA: Scientific
materialism does it.
>>KASTEN: Right.
They control the universities.
They control the
medical profession.
The Illuminati are
running the planet now.
>>REGINA: There you go.
>>KASTEN: But as our
consciousness expands--
and the Federation is helping
us but they cannot interfere
because of the noninterference
clause in the galactic law,
whatever you want to call it--
they can't directly interfere.
But they can help to educate us.
And one of the appendices in my
book is the "Path to Victory."
I don't know if
you read that part.
>>REGINA: I didn't get to that.
I thought I read
the whole thing, OK.
>>KASTEN: It's a technique
for raising our consciousness
to the point where
we're no longer--
>>REGINA: Well, just share
that right now, a little bit.
Give us a taste and
people can buy the book,
then I'll go back
and read that part.
>>KASTEN: That particular
appendix was dictated
by an extraterrestrial by
the name of Khyla, K-h-y-l-a,
who is from the
star system Procyon,
which was a human star system
until the Greys took it over.
And they took it over through
subterfuge and infiltration
until finally the human
population was totally
dominated and had to leave.
So he's a refugee
from that system.
And so he dictated this
particular appendix in my book.
And what he said was,
once we've learned
to focus on our highest
spiritual nature
and keep it in focus,
we'll reach the point where
they can't touch us anymore.
>>REGINA: I absolutely
agree with that.
And as you say, it's a little
bit of a race against time.
And is that your purpose
for writing the book?
>>KASTEN: Yeah, my
purpose was to--
here we are--
>>REGINA: So here's the
threat and this is how long
it's been going on, right?
>>KASTEN: Yeah, and this
is what we have to do.
This is what we have
to do now or we're
going to lose the
planet, essentially,
and it'll become another slave
planet of the Reptilian Empire.
>>REGINA: Well, I
guess we could boil it
down to a country western song,
Mama, "Don't Let Your Babies
Grow Up to be Soldiers," right?
Just take ourselves out of the
war machine, the war mentality,
the competition.
And that's one thing that's
really disturbing to me
as a Hollywood trend is
the trend toward using
the feminine as the real
kind of kick ass heroines.
You know, violent and oftentimes
it's on the side of the right.
>>KASTEN: Well see,
but a lot of that
is the reaction to the male
dominated Reptilian society.
>>REGINA: I understand.
>>KASTEN: The Reptilians
are patriarchal
and they've subdued the women.
Unlike the queens of Orion
who have taken over there.
here the Reptilian males
have rebelled against that.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And the feminine is rising up.
But to have kind of a boot-camp
version of the feminine
is not helpful.
It's the actual
feminine principles
that have to be
reinculcated into society.
>>KASTEN: The gentler,
loving, nature, that's right--
>>REGINA: Not just
compassionate but also working
as a collective
and collaboratively
instead of competitively.
It's feminine traits.
>>KASTEN: The feminine traits
are the glue of our society,
really.
>>REGINA: They are.
>>KASTEN: Love and affection--
and since we have a heart, OK?
They do not.
And love is the key to
the whole thing, really.
Because as we expand
our consciousness,
our loving nature will prevail.
>>REGINA: Right, I
totally agree with you.
We're on the same page there.
Tough story to get through
to show the cruelty
that we've been subjected
to and that we have actually
perpetuated ourselves as a
result of that influence.
But the message is good.
>>KASTEN: And if
we could get away
from the money dominated society
that they have inculcated
in us, then things will change.
>>REGINA: Well, kind of
Michael Tellinger's Ubuntu idea
and the notion of people coming
together, creating together.
Whether it's growing
food, whether it's
going back to kind of a more
primitive communal life,
it doesn't matter.
Anything that puts the
power back in your own hands
so that it releases us from the
fear of survival and the money
system.
>>KASTEN: The
Federation is there
to help us in any way they can.
And they have been through
books, through infiltration,
in many ways.
But they can't interfere really.
>>REGINA: No.
The good guys, they know
they can't interfere.
The bad guys do it anyway.
>>KASTEN: Right.
>>REGINA: So Len,
thank you so much
and good luck with your book.
>>KASTEN: My pleasure.
Thank you.
>>REGINA: Again, the
title of the book
is "Alien World Order"
which is available
through major booksellers.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[MUSIC PLAYING]